and the winner is Peter Fox come on man
- well it's it it's terrific the women
what an easy life
yeah really this it's terrific the wind
I yeah I'm trying to figure out some way
to work your humble
it's not going to work I I was in New
York yesterday today is Sunday isn't it
and I had some business in the morning
and I did two shows and then I grabbed
the cab and I raced the airport and I
try to catch that 11 o'clock I figured
to miss it and I did so I laid over in
Kennedy for three hours to catch Eastern
out to Atlanta Georgia I was there for
two hours called Delta into Dallas Texas
and I was - I was there to get TWA into
LA and yeah I know it's not a very
interesting story I did I only mentioned
it because I wanted to point out that
the in regard for whether or not I
wanted to be here I was relatively
indifferent
but I wouldn't be here and there
wouldn't be any Columbo there wouldn't
be any show there wouldn't be anything
if it wasn't for a building kindig
Levinson I think they created this
character and they created this format
and they wrote and they produced and and
it's their idea it's their baby the
whole thing is theirs and I'm very
grateful to them
I also want to thank dick Irving he's
believed in this thing for about five
years and fought for it and I don't
think with it without his persistence I
don't know whether be on the air I can
thank Everett chambers for a lot of
things I think I'll pick two making me
laugh and being a man and Steve watch
golf riding me that every week and then
I want to thank my family for giving me
a week of solitude and total
concentration which allowed me to
compose this acceptance speech and the
Emmy goes to
Viola Davis how to get away with murder